How many acting statuses are there?
Find the names of all the catalog entries.
What are all the catalog entry names?
On which days more than one revisions were made on catalogs.
How many kinds of enzymes are there?
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) value of the enzymes?
How many medicines have the FDA approval status 'No' ?
How many medicines were not approved by the FDA?
Sort the customer names in alphabetical order.
Find the number of distinct stages in claim processing.
Show all product sizes.
Show all product colors.
How many budget record has a budget amount smaller than the invested amount?
Find the number of schools that have more than one donator whose donation amount is less than 8.5.
What is the id of the product that is booked for 3 times?
What are all role codes?
What are all the distinct participant ids who attended any events?
List the number of people injured by perpetrators in ascending order.
List all people names in the order of their date of birth from old to young.
How many customers are there?
What is the total number of customers across banks?
Find the number of customers in the banks at New York City.
What is the total number of customers who use banks in New York City?
Find the name of bank branches that provided some loans.
What are the names of the different banks that have provided loans?
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table?
What is the total number of clubs?
What is the total number of clubs that have less than 10 medals in total?
What are the names of all the clubs starting with the oldest?
List the position of players with average number of points scored by players of that position bigger than 20.
What are the positions of players whose average number of points scored by that position is larger than 20?
List the types of competition that have at most five competitions of that type.
What are the types of competition that have most 5 competitions for that type?
Find the names of all English songs.
What are the names of all songs in English?
What are the id of all the files in mp3 format?
How many Bangladeshi artists are listed?
How many companies are headquartered in the US?
What are the first names of all the students?
Find each student's first name.
What is the description of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Find the description of the club called "Tennis Club".
What is the location of the club named "Tennis Club"?
Where us the club named "Tennis Club" located?
What is the complete description of the researcher role.
What is the complete description of the job of a researcher?
How many Patent outcomes are generated from all the projects?
How many patents outcomes were listed for all the projects?
What are the descriptions of all the project outcomes?
List the description of the outcomes for all projects.
How many females does this network has?
How many females are in the network?
Find the person who has exactly one friend.
What are the names of courses with 1 credit?
What are the course names for courses taught on MTW?
What is the number of departments in Division "AS"?
How many departments are in the division AS?
What are the first names of students, ordered by age from greatest to least?
What are the descriptions for the aircrafts?
How many students are enrolled in college?
How many students, on average, does each college have enrolled?
How many different colleges are there?
What are the unique types of player positions in the tryout?
What are the different types of player positions?
How many students got accepted after the tryout?
What is average number of students enrolled in Florida colleges?
What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers?
Find the states where have some college students in tryout.
How many schools have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
How many schools have students playing in goalie and mid-field positions?
How many states that have some college students playing in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What is the count of states with college students playing in the mid position but not as goalies?
What are the different cities that have more than 100 memberships?
What are the different membership levels?
What are the names of the all-female dorms?
What are the names of all the dorms that can accomdate more than 300 students?
Find the number of distinct amenities.
How many diffrent dorm amenities are there?
How many dorms have amenities?
What are the different dorm amenity names in alphabetical order?
What are the names of all video games that are collectible cards?
What is the type of video game Call of Destiny.
What type of game is Call of Destiny?
What are the advisors
How many sports do we have?
How many different types of sports do we offer?
How many students play sports?
List ids for all student who are on scholarship.
What are the ids for all sporty students who are on scholarship?
How many games are played for all students?
List all the types of forms.
Show the types of schools that have two schools.
How many budget types do we have?
What are all locations of train stations?
How many staff live in state Georgia?
When are the birthdays of customer who are classified as 'Good Customer' status?
What is the date of birth of every customer whose status code is 'Good Customer'?
How many lessons were in cancelled state?
How many lessons have been cancelled?
Find the name of airports whose altitude is between -50 and 50.
What are the names of all airports whose elevation is between -50 and 50?
In how many cities are there airports in the country of Greenland?
How many cities are there that have more than 3 airports?
What is the count of cities with more than 3 airports?
Find the ids of all the order items whose product id is 11.
What is the average miles per gallon(mpg) of the cars with 4 cylinders?
What is the average miles per gallon of all the cards with 4 cylinders?
In 1980, how many cars were made?
In which years cars were produced weighing no less than 3000 and no more than 4000 ?
How many cartoons were written by "Joseph Kuhr"?
What is the number of cartoones written by Joseph Kuhr?
What is the air date of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
When did the episode "A Love of a Lifetime" air?
What is Weekly Rank of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
What is the weekly rank for the episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
find id of the tv channels that from the countries where have more than two tv channels.
What are the ids of all tv channels that have more than 2 TV channels?
Show the name and number of employees for the departments managed by heads whose temporary acting value is 'Yes'?
What are the distinct ages of the heads who are acting?
Which department has more than 1 head at a time? List the id, name and the number of heads.
Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
Which catalog publishers have substring "Murray" in their names?
Find the names and publication dates of all catalogs that have catalog level number greater than 5.
What are the name and publication date of the catalogs with catalog level number above 5?
Give me the average and minimum price (in Euro) of the products.
Find the name of the product that has the smallest capacity.
Find the names of all the products whose stock number starts with "2".
Which catalog contents have a product stock number that starts from "2"? Show the catalog entry names.
Find the names of catalog entries with level number 8.
What are the names of catalog entries with level number 8?
Find the names of the products with length smaller than 3 or height greater than 5.
Which catalog contents have length below 3 or above 5? Find the catalog entry names.
Which attribute definitions have attribute value 0? Give me the attribute name and attribute ID.
Find the name and capacity of products with price greater than 700 (in USD).
Which catalog contents has price above 700 dollars? Show their catalog entry names and capacities.
Find the names of all artists that have "a" in their names.
What are the names of artist who have the letter 'a' in their names?
Find the title of all the albums of the artist "AC/DC".
What are the titles of albums by the artist "AC/DC"?
Find the names of all the tracks that contain the word "you".
What are the names of tracks that contain the the word you in them?
What are the durations of the longest and the shortest tracks in milliseconds?
Show the album names, ids and the number of tracks for each album.
What are the names and ids of the different albums, and how many tracks are on each?
How many tracks belong to rock genre?
Count the number of tracks that are part of the rock genre.
Find the average unit price of jazz tracks.
What is the first name and last name of the customer that has email "luisg@embraer.com.br"?
Find the full name of the customer with the email "luisg@embraer.com.br".
How many customers have email that contains "gmail.com"?
Count the number of customers that have an email containing "gmail.com".
Find the address of all customers that live in Germany and have invoice.
How many tracks are in the AAC audio file media type?
Please show the employee first names and ids of employees who serve at least 10 customers.
What are the first names and support rep ids for employees serving 10 or more customers?
Please show the employee last names that serves no more than 20 customers.
What are the last names of employees who serve at most 20 customers?
What is the average unit price of rock tracks?
List the names and the locations that the enzymes can make an effect.
What are the names and trade names of the medicines which has 'Yes' value in the FDA record?
What are the names and trade names of the medcines that are FDA approved?
For every medicine id, what are the names of the medicines that can interact with more than one enzyme?
What are the ids and trade names of the medicine that can interact with at least 3 enzymes?
What are the different names, locations, and products of the enzymes that are capable inhibitor interactions?
Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
What are the names of enzymes that include the string 'ALA'?
List all public schools and their locations.
What are the public schools and what are their locations?
Show the enrollment and primary_conference of the oldest college.
Find the schools that were either founded after 1850 or public.
What are the schools that were either founded before 1850 or are public?
Find how many school locations have the word 'NY'.
How many universities have a location that contains NY?
Find the number of universities that have over a 20000 enrollment size for each affiliation type.
What is the maximum and minimum height of all players?
List the names of all players who have a crossing score higher than 90 and prefer their right foot.
List the names of all left-footed players who have overall rating between 85 and 90.
What is the average rating for right-footed players and left-footed players?
Of all players with an overall rating greater than 80, how many are right-footed and left-footed?
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the affirmative side.
Show the names of people and the number of times they have been on the affirmative side of debates.
Find the total and average amount paid in claim headers.
What are the total amount and average amount paid in claim headers?
Find the names of customers whose name contains "Diana".
Find the names of the customers who have an deputy policy.
Show the id, the date of account opened, the account name, and other account detail for all accounts.
What are the ids, date opened, name, and other details for all accounts?
Show the id, the account name, and other account details for all accounts by the customer with first name 'Meaghan'.
What are the ids, names, dates of opening, and other details for accounts corresponding to the customer with the first name "Meaghan"?
Show id, first name and last name for all customers and the number of accounts.
What are the the full names and ids for all customers, and how many accounts does each have?
How many transaction does each account have? Show the number and account id.
Count the number of financial transactions that correspond to each account id.
Show the account id and name with at least 4 transactions.
Show invoice dates and order id and details for all invoices.
What are the invoice dates, order ids, and order details for all invoices?
Return the order ids and details for orderes with two or more invoices.
What are the different product names, and what is the sum of quantity ordered for each product?
Show the product ids and the number of unique orders containing each product.
Show order ids and the number of products in each order.
How many different products correspond to each order id?
What is the total balance of savings accounts not belonging to someone with the name Brown?
What are the names of customers with accounts, and how many checking accounts do each of them have?
What are the names of customers with accounts, and what are the total savings balances for each?
Find the total checking and saving balance of all accounts sorted by the total balance in ascending order.
What is the sum of checking and savings balances for all customers, ordered by the total balance?
Find the name, checking balance and saving balance of all accounts in the bank.
Show each county along with the number of schools and total enrollment in each county.
How many donors have endowment for school named "Glenn"?
List all the names of schools with an endowment amount smaller than or equal to 10.
How many budgets are above 3000 in year 2001 or before?
Count the number of budgets in year 2001 or before whose budgeted amount is greater than 3000
What is the total budget amount for school "Glenn" in all years?
Show the names and locations of institutions that are founded after 1990 and have the type "Private".
Show institution types, along with the number of institutions and total enrollment for each type.
Show the protein name and the institution name.
Are the customers holding coupons with amount 500 bad or good?
What are the first name, last name, and gender of all the good customers? Order by their last name.
What are the daily hire costs for the products with substring 'Book' in its name?
What are the payment date of the payment with amount paid higher than 300 or with payment type is 'Check'
What is the joined year of the pilot of the highest rank?
Show the names of pilots and models of aircrafts they have flied with.
Show names of pilots that have more than one record.
What is the role of the employee named Koby?
How many employees does each role have? List role description, id and number of employees.
List roles that have more than one employee. List the role description and number of employees.
List the document ids for any documents with the status code done and the type code paper.
For each document, list the number of employees who have showed up in the circulation history of that document. List the document ids and number of employees.
Return the names of entrepreneurs do no not have the investor Rachel Elnaugh.
List the names of entrepreneurs and their companies in descending order of money requested?
What are the names of entrepreneurs and their corresponding investors, ordered descending by the amount of money requested?
What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators?
Return the top 3 greatest support rates.
Please list support, consider, and oppose rates for each candidate in ascending order by unsure rate.
What are the support, consider, and oppose rates of each candidate, ordered ascending by their unsure rate?
which poll source does the highest oppose rate come from?
Return the poll source corresponding to the candidate who has the oppose rate.
For each sex, what is the name and sex of the candidate with the oppose rate for their sex?
Find the names of the candidates whose support percentage is lower than their oppose rate.
What are the names of candidates who have a lower support rate than oppose rate?
find the highest support percentage, lowest consider rate and oppose rate of all candidates.
Return the maximum support rate, minimum consider rate, and minimum oppose rate across all candidates?
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
Who are the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party?
Which county do the delegates on "Appropriations" committee belong to? Give me the county names.
For each delegate, find the names of the party they are part of.
Who were the governors of the parties associated with delegates from district 1?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1. Who served as governors of the parties?
Show the name of each county along with the corresponding number of delegates from that county.
For each county, find the name of the county and the number of delegates from that county.
Show the name of each party and the corresponding number of delegates from that party.
Show the names of counties that have at least two delegates.
Which counties have two or more delegates? Give me the county names.
Show the names of journalists and the dates of the events they reported.
What are the states, account types, and credit scores for customers who have 0 loans?
Find the name and account balance of the customer whose name includes the letter ‘a’.
What are the names and account balances of customers with the letter a in their names?
Find the branch name of the bank that has the most number of customers.
What is the name of the bank branch with the greatest number of customers?
Find the name, account type, and account balance of the customer who has the highest credit score.
What is the average account balance of customers with credit score below 50 for the different account types?
Find the total amount of loans offered by each bank branch.
What are the names of the different bank branches, and what are their total loan amounts?
Find the name and account balance of the customers who have loans with a total amount of more than 5000.
What are the names and account balances for customers who have taken a total amount of more than 5000 in loans?
Find the city and name of bank branches that provide business loans.
What are the names and cities of bank branches that offer loans for business?
What is the total amount of money loaned by banks in New York state?
How many assets does each third party company supply? List the count and the company id.
List all every engineer's first name, last name, details and coresponding skill description.
For all the faults of different parts, what are all the decriptions of the skills required to fix them? List the name of the faults and the skill description.
List the asset id, details, make and model for every asset.
Which staff have contacted which engineers? List the staff name and the engineer first name and last name.
How many engineers did each staff contact? List both the contact staff name and number of engineers contacted.
show all train numbers and names ordered by their time from early to late.
Give me the times and numbers of all trains that go to Chennai, ordered by time.
How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
Find the number of trains for each station, as well as the station network name and services.
Find the id and local authority of the station whose maximum precipitation is higher than 50.
Please show the names and the players of clubs.
What are the names and players of all the clubs?
What is the name of the song that was released in the most recent year?
What is the name of the song that was released most recently?
What is the id of the longest song?
Find the id of the song that lasts the longest.
List the name and country of origin for all singers who have produced songs with rating above 9.
What are the different names and countries of origins for all artists whose song ratings are above 9?
How many songs have 4 minute duration?
What is the count of the songs that last approximately 4 minutes?
What is the average rating of songs produced by female artists?
How many songs, on average, are sung by a female artist?
What is the country of origin of the artist who is female and produced a song in Bangla?
What countries are the female artists who sung in the language Bangla from?
How many artists are male and how many are female?
For each file format, return the number of artists who released songs in that format.
How many songs were released for each format?
List the names of all genres in alphabetical oder, together with its ratings.
What are the names of all genres in alphabetical order, combined with its ratings?
What are the names of artists who are Male and are from UK?
What are the names of all male British artists?
Find the names of songs whose genre is modern or language is English.
What are the names of the songs that are modern or sung in English?
What are the average rating and resolution of songs that are in Bangla?
List the id, genre and artist name of English songs ordered by rating.
What is the id, genre, and name of the artist for every English song ordered by ascending rating?
What is average salary of the players in the team named 'Boston Red Stockings' ?
Compute the average salary of the players in the team called 'Boston Red Stockings'.
What are first and last names of players participating in all star game in 1998?
List the first and last name for players who participated in all star game in 1998.
Find the names of the channels that are broadcast in the morning.
Which channels are broadcast in the morning? Give me the channel names.
How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
Return the name of each physician and the number of patients he or she treats.
Find the name of physicians who are in charge of more than one patient.
Find the number of rooms for different block code?
How many rooms are located for each block code?
Find the number of medications prescribed for each brand.
How many medications are prescribed for each brand?
Find the name of physicians whose position title contains the word 'senior'.
What are the names of the physicians who have 'senior' in their titles.
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
Which patient is undergoing the most recent treatment?
List the physicians' employee ids together with their primary affiliation departments' ids.
What are each physician's employee id and department id primarily affiliated.
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1? Tell me their names.
Find the three most expensive procedures.
What are the three most costly procedures?
What are the names of the ships  that are from either the US or the UK?
Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
list the names of the companies with more than 200 sales in the descending order of sales and profits.
What are the low and high estimates of film markets?
Return the low and high estimates for all film markets.
Find the titles and studios of the films that are produced by some film studios that contained the word "Universal".
What are the titles and studios of films that have been produced by a studio whose name contains "Universal"?
Find the organisation ids and details of the organisations which are involved in
What are the ids and details for all organizations that have grants of more than 6000 dollars?
When do all the researcher role staff start to work, and when do they stop working?
When did researchers start and stop working?
When did the first staff for the projects started working?
When did the first staff member start working?
Which document type is described with the prefix 'Initial'?
What is the type of the document whose description starts with the word 'Initial'?
How many project staff worked as leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
How many project members were leaders or started working before '1989-04-24 23:51:54'?
What is the last date of the staff leaving the projects?
What is the last date that a staff member left a project?
For each project id, how many tasks are there?
What are the staff roles of the staff who
What roles did staff members play between '2003-04-19 15:06:20' and '2016-03-15 00:33:18'?
How many friends does Dan have?
How many friends does Dan have?
How many people whose age is greater 30 and job is engineer?
HOw many engineers are older than 30?
What is average age of male for different job title?
What is the average age for a male in each job?
How old is the youngest person for each job?
Find the name and age of all males in order of their age.
What is the name and age of every male? Order the results by age.
Find the name of persons who are friends with Bob.
What are the names of all of Bob's friends?
Who has a friend that is from new york city?
What are the names of all friends who are from New York?
Show the names of members and the locations of colleges they go to in ascending alphabetical order of member names.
Find the types and details for all premises and order by the premise type.
Show the name and phone for customers with a mailshot with outcome code 'No Response'.
Show the names of customers having an order with shipping method FedEx and order status Paid.
Find the first names of students whose first names contain letter "a".
What are the first names for students who have an "a" in their first name?
Find the rooms of faculties with rank professor who live in building NEB.
What are the rooms for members of the faculty who are professors and who live in building NEB?
What are the last names of female students, ordered by age descending?
Find the first names of faculties of rank Professor in alphabetic order.
What are the first names for all faculty professors, ordered by first name?
What are the name of courses that have at least five enrollments?
Give the names of the courses with at least five enrollments.
Find the first name and last name of the instructor of course that has course name
Find the department name and room of the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE.
What are the department name and room for the course INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTER SCIENCE?
Find the student first and last names and grade points of all enrollments.
What are the full names and gradepoints for all enrollments?
What are the first names and last names of the students that minor in the department with DNO 140.
What are the number of international and domestic passengers of the airport named London "Heathrow"?
What are the total number of Domestic Passengers of airports that contain the word "London".
What are the total number of domestic passengers at all London airports?
What are the maximum and minimum number of transit passengers of all aiports.
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of all pilots 30 years old or young in descending alphabetical order?
Please list the location and the winning aircraft name.
What is the location and name of the winning aircraft?
List the names of aircrafts and that won matches at least twice.
Find the players whose names contain letter 'a'.
Who are the players that have names containing the letter a?
What are the names and enrollment numbers for colleges that have more than 10000 enrolled and are located in Louisiana?
What is the name of every college in alphabetical order that has more than 18000 students enrolled?
What are the name of the players who received a card in descending order of the hours of training?
What is minimum hours of the students playing in different position?
For each position, what is the minimum time students spent practicing?
What is the name of the school with smallest enrollment size per state?
What are the different states that had students successfully try out?
Find the name and college of students whose decisions are yes in the tryout.
What are the names of all the players who received a yes during tryouts, and also what are the names of their colleges?
Find the name of all students who were in the tryout sorted in alphabetic order.
What are the names of all students who tried out in alphabetical order?
Find the name and hours of the students whose tryout decision is yes.
What are the names and hours spent practicing of every student who received a yes at tryouts?
Find the names of the students who are in the position of striker and got a yes tryout decision.
What are the names of all students who successfully tried out for the position of striker?
Find the average hours for the students whose tryout decision is no.
What is the average number of hours spent practicing for students who got rejected?
Which college has any student who is a goalie and succeeded in the tryout.
What college has a student who successfully made the team in the role of a goalie?
What is the state and enrollment of the colleges where have any students who got accepted in the tryout decision.
How many students are enrolled in colleges that have student accepted during tryouts, and in which states are those colleges?
List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
What is the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id?
Find the oldest log id and its corresponding problem id.
For the problem with id 10, return the ids and dates of its problem logs.
Give me a list of descriptions of the problems that are reported by the staff whose first name is Christop.
Which problems are reported by the staff with first name "Christop"? Show the descriptions of the problems.
Find the ids of the problems that are reported by the staff whose last name is Bosco.
Which problems are reported by the staff with last name "Bosco"? Show the ids of the problems.
What are names for top three branches with most number of membership?
What are the names for the 3 branches that have the most memberships?
What is the total number of purchases for members with level 6?
What are the total purchases for members rated at level 6?
list the card number of all members whose hometown address includes word "Kentucky".
What are the card numbers of members from Kentucky?
Show the customer name, customer address city, date from, and date to for each customer address history.
How many female students (sex is F) whose age is below 25?
How many girl students who are younger than 25?
Find the first name of students living in city PHL whose age is between 20 and 25.
What is the first name of the students who are in age 20 to 25 and living in PHL city?
Find the average and total capacity of dorms for the students with gender X.
What is the student capacity and type of gender for the dorm whose name as the phrase Donor in it?
Find the numbers of different majors and cities.
How many different majors are there and how many different city codes are there for each student?
Find the number of dorms and total capacity for each gender.
How many dorms are there and what is the total capacity for each gender?
Find the number and average age of students living in each city.
How many students live in each city and what are their average ages?
Find the number of students for the cities where have more than one student.
What are all the different product names, and how many complains has each received?
Find the last name of the staff whose email address contains "wrau".
What are the last names of staff with email addressed containing the substring "wrau"?
Find the address line 1 and 2 of the customer with email "vbogisich@example.org".
What are lines 1 and 2 of the addressed of the customer with the email "vbogisich@example.org"?
Find the number of complaints with Product Failure type for each complaint status.
Show last names for all student who are on scholarship.
What are the last names for all scholarship students?
How many games are played for all football games by students on scholarship?
What is the total number of all football games played by scholarship students?
Show all student IDs with the number of sports and total number of games played
What are the ids of all students along with how many sports and games did they play?
What are the ids of all students and number of hours played?
Show all game names played by at least 1000 hours.
Show the statuses of roller coasters longer than 3300 or higher than 100.
Find the payment method and phone of the party with email "enrico09@example.com".
What is the payment method code and party phone of the party with the email 'enrico09@example.com'?
Find the name of the youngest organization.
Find the name of organizations whose names contain "Party".
What are the names of organizations that contain the word "Party"?
Which state can address "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls" possibly be in?
Give the state corresponding to the line number building "6862 Kaitlyn Knolls".
Show the party with drivers from Hartford and drivers older than 40.
Show the school name and driver name for all school buses.
Show the type of school and the number of buses for each type.
How many documents are with document type code BK for each product id?
Count the number of documents with the type code BK that correspond to each product id.
What are the details for statements with the details 'Private Project', and what are the names of the corresponding documents?
What is the document type name and the document type description and creation date for all the documents?
Show ids for all documents with budget types described as 'Government'.
Give the ids for documents that have the budget description 'Government'.
Show the name, location, and number of platforms for all stations.
Show the names and total passengers for all train stations not in London.
Show the names and main services for train stations that have the top three total number of passengers.
Show all locations and the total number of platforms and passengers for all train stations in each location.
Show all locations that have train stations with at least 15 platforms and train stations with more than 25 total passengers.
show the train name and station name for each train.
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff.
In what city does Janessa Sawayn live?
List the states which have between 2 to 4 staffs living there.
What are the names of the states that have 2 to 4 employees living there?
List phone number and email address of customer with more than 2000 outstanding balance.
What are the phone numbers and email addresses of all customers who have an outstanding balance of more than 2000?
How many lessons taken by customer with first name as Rylan and last name as Goodwin were completed?
How many lessons did the customer Ryan Goodwin complete?
What is the maximum, minimum, and average amount of money outsanding for all customers?
What is the total time for all lessons taught by Janessa Sawayn?
Find the name, city, country, and altitude (or elevation) of the airports in the city of New York.
What is the name, city, country, and elevation for every airport in the city of New York?
Find the country of the airlines whose name starts with 'Orbit'.
What are the countries of all airlines whose names start with Orbit?
Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
How many airports' names have the word Interanation in them?
Find the number of routes operated by American Airlines.
How many routes does American Airlines operate?
How many routes end in a Canadian airport?
Find the number of different airports which are the destinations of the American Airlines.
What is the number of different different airports that are destinations for American Airlines?
What is the number of cities in the United States with more than 3 airports?
List the cities which have more than 2 airports sorted by the number of airports.
What are the cities that have more than 2 airports sorted by number of airports?
Find the number of routes for each source airport and the airport name.
For each airport name, how many routes start at that airport?
What is the number of routes whose destinations are Italian airports?
what are the order id and customer id of the oldest order?
Find the order id and customer id associated with the oldest order.
Which customers have orders with status "Packing"? Give me the customer names.
Find the details of all the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road".
What are the distinct customers who have orders with status "On Road"? Give me the customer details?
Give me the names of customers who have placed orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01.
Which customers made orders between 2009-01-01 and 2010-01-01? Find their names.
Give me a list of distinct product ids from orders placed between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01?
What are the distinct ids of products ordered between 1975-01-01 and 1976-01-01??
What is the placement date of the order whose invoice number is 10?
On what day was the order with invoice number 10 placed?
What are the names of the customers who have made two or less orders?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age of all singers from France?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age for all French singers?
What is the maximum capacity and the average of all stadiums ?
What is the average and maximum capacities for all stadiums ?
What are the names , themes , and number of singers for every concert ?
List singer names and number of concerts for each singer.
What are the names of the singers and number of concerts for each person?
what is the name and nation of the singer who have a song having 'Hey' in its name?
What is the name and country of origin of every singer who has a song with the word 'Hey' in its title?
For each continent, list its id, name, and how many countries it has?
How many models does each car maker produce? List maker full name, id and the number.
How many car models are produced by each maker ? Only list the count and the maker full name .
What is the number of car models that are produced by each maker and what is the id and full name of each maker?
What is the accelerate of the car make amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How much does the car accelerate that makes amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
What is the number of makers of care in France?
What is the smallest weight of the car produced with 8 cylinders on 1974 ?
What is the minimum weight of the car with 8 cylinders produced in 1974 ?
What are all the makers and models?
What are the makers and models?
What are the countries having at least one car maker? List name and id.
What are the names and ids of all countries with at least one car maker?
What is the average edispl of the cars of model volvo?
What is the average edispl for all volvos?
What is the maximum accelerate for different number of cylinders?
Which makers designed more than 3 car models? List full name and the id.
What are the names and ids of all makers with more than 3 models?
How many countries has more than 2 car makers ?
What is the number of countries with more than 2 car makers ?
What is the maximum miles per gallon of the car with 8 cylinders or produced before 1980 ?
Which cities do more than one employee under age 30 come from?
Find the cities that have more than one employee under age 30.
Find the number of employees hired in each shop; show the shop name as well.
For each shop, return the number of employees working there and the name of the shop.
List the number of different series names and contents in the TV Channel table.
How many different series and contents are listed in the TV Channel table?
What is the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle!"? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the series name of the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle"?
List the title of all  Cartoons showed on TV Channel with series name "Sky Radio".
What is the title of all the cartools that are on the TV Channel with the series name "Sky Radio"?
What is minimum and maximum share of TV series?
What is the TV Channel of TV series with Episode "A Love of a Lifetime"? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the name of the series that has the episode "A Love of a Lifetime"?
Find the package choice and series name of the TV channel that has high definition TV.
What are the package options and the name of the series for the TV Channel that supports high definition TV?
What are the distinct creation years of the departments managed by a secretary born in state 'Alabama'?
Find the level name of the catalog with the lowest price (in USD).
Show the album names and ids for albums that contain tracks with unit price bigger than 1.
What are the titles and ids for albums containing tracks with unit price greater than 1?
Find all the customer last names that do not have invoice totals larger than 20.
Please list the name and id of all artists that have at least 3 albums in alphabetical order.
What are the names and ids of artists with 3 or more albums, listed in alphabetical order?
Find the names of artists that do not have any albums.
What are the names of artists who have not released any albums?
What are the names of enzymes in the medicine named 'Amisulpride' that can serve as an 'inhibitor'?
What are the ids, names and FDA approval status of medicines in descending order of the number of enzymes that it can interact with.
What are the ids, names, and FDA approval status for medicines ordered by descending number of possible enzyme interactions?
What is the interaction type of the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the type of interaction for the enzyme named 'ALA synthase' and the medicine named 'Aripiprazole'?
What is the most common interaction type between enzymes and medicine? And how many are there?
What are the most common types of interactions between enzymes and medicine, and how many types are there?
Find the founded year of the newest non public school.
What is the founded year of the non public school that was founded most recently?
What is the team name and acc regular season score of the school that was founded for the longest time?
Return the name of the team and the acc during the regular season for the school that was founded the earliest.
List all of the player ids with a height of at least 180cm and an overall rating higher than 85.
Who are the top 3 players in terms of overall rating?
List the names and birthdays of the top five players in terms of potential.
Show the names of members and the location of performances they attended in ascending alphabetical order of their names.
Show the names of people, and dates and venues of debates they are on the negative side, ordered in ascending alphabetical order of name.
Show the names of people that are on affirmative side of debates with number of audience bigger than 200.
Find the names of customers who have no policies associated.
What are the names of customers who do not have any policies?
Find the names of customers who either have an deputy policy or uniformed policy.
What are the names of products that have never been ordered?
Show all product names and the number of customers having an order on each product.
What are teh names of the different products, as well as the number of customers who have ordered each product.
What is the checking balance of the account whose owner’s name contains the substring ‘ee’?
Find the balance of the checking account belonging to an owner whose name contains 'ee'.
What are the checking and savings balances in accounts belonging to Brown?
Find the name, checking balance and savings balance of all accounts in the bank sorted by their total checking and savings balance in descending order.
What are the names, checking balances, and savings balances of customers, ordered by the total of checking and savings balances descending?
Find the name of accounts whose checking balance is higher than corresponding saving balance.
What are the names of customers with a higher checking balance than savings balance?
Find the name and total checking and savings balance of the accounts whose savings balance is lower than corresponding checking balance.
What are the names of customers who have a savings balance lower than their checking balance, and what is the total of their checking and savings balances?
Find the name and savings balance of the top 3 accounts with the highest saving balance sorted by savings balance in descending order.
What are names and savings balances of the three accounts with the highest savings balances?
Show the names of all the donors except those whose donation amount less than 9.
Show the names and heights of buildings with at least two institutions founded after 1880.
How many proteins are associated with an institution in a building with at least 20 floors?
What is the maximum total amount paid by a customer? List the customer id and amount.
What are the start date and end date of the booking that has booked the product named 'Book collection A'?
Show the names of pilots and fleet series of the aircrafts they have flied with in ascending order of the rank of the pilot.
Show the fleet series of the aircrafts flied by pilots younger than 34
Which document has the most draft copies? List its document id and number of draft copies.
List the employees who have not showed up in any circulation history of documents. List the employee's name.
How many events had participants whose details had the substring 'Dr.'
Which events id does not have any participant with detail 'Kenyatta Kuhn'?
What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
Who were the comptrollers of the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or district 2?
Find the parties associated with the delegates from district 1 or 2. Who served as comptrollers of the parties?
Show the names of journalists and the names of the events they reported in ascending order
List the name of all different customers who have some loan sorted by their total loan amount.
What are the names of the different customers who have taken out a loan, ordered by the total amount that they have taken?
Find the name of customers who have both saving and checking account types.
What are the names of customers who have both savings and checking accounts?
Find the name of customers who do not have an saving account.
What are the names of customers who do not have saving accounts?
Find the name of customers who do not have a loan with a type of Mortgages.
What are the names of customers who have not taken a Mortage loan?
Find the state which has the most number of customers.
Find the names of bank branches that have provided a loan to any customer whose credit score is below 100.
What are the names of banks that have loaned money to customers with credit scores below 100?
Which assets did not incur any fault log? List the asset model.
Find names and times of trains that run through stations for the local authority Chiltern.
What are the positions of both players that have more than 20 20 points and less than 10 points?
What are the countries that participated in both friendly and tournament type competitions?
Find the countries that have never participated in any competition with Friendly type.
What are the countries that have never participated in any friendly-type competitions?
What is the name of the artist who produced the shortest song?
What are the names of the artists who sang the shortest song?
What are the names and countries of origin for the artists who produced the top three highly rated songs.
What are the names of the singers who sang the top 3 most highly rated songs and what countries do they hail from?
Find the names of the artists who are from UK and have produced English songs.
What are the names of the artists that are from the UK and sang songs in English?
Find the id of songs that are available in mp4 format and have resolution lower than 1000.
What is the id of the files that are available in the format of mp4 and a resolution smaller than 1000?
Find the distinct names of all songs that have a higher resolution than some songs in English.
What are the different names for all songs that have a higher resolution than English songs?
What are the names of all songs that have a lower rating than some song of blues genre?
What is the name and country of origin of the artist who released a song that has "love" in its title?
What are the names of the artists who released a song that has the word love in its title, and where are the artists from?
List the name and gender for all artists who released songs in March.
What are the names and genders of all artists who released songs in the month of March?
What are the ids of songs that are available in either mp4 format or have resolution above 720?
What are the ids of all songs that are available on mp4 or have a higher resolution than 720?
Return the names of singers who are from UK and released an English song.
What are the names of all singers that are from the UK and released a song in English?
What are the maximum and minimum resolution of songs whose duration is 3 minutes?
What is the maximum and minimum resolution of all songs that are approximately 3 minutes long?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of songs grouped and ordered by languages?
What are the maximum duration and resolution of all songs, for each language, ordered alphabetically by language?
What are the shortest duration and lowest rating of songs grouped by genre and ordered by genre?
What is the shortest and most poorly rated song for each genre, ordered alphabetically by genre?
Find the names and number of works of all artists who have at least one English songs.
What are the names and number of works for all artists who have sung at least one song in English?
Find the name and country of origin for all artists who have release at least one song of resolution above 900.
What is the name and country of origin for each artist who has released a song with a resolution higher than 900?
What are the names of the songs whose rating is below the rating of all songs in English?
What are the song names for every song whose rating is less than the minimum rating for English songs?
What is the id of every song that has a resolution higher than that of a song with a rating below 8?
What is ids of the songs whose resolution is higher than the average resolution of songs in modern genre?
What are the ids of all songs that have higher resolution of the average resolution in the modern genre?
Find the names of the artists who have produced English songs but have never received rating higher than 8.
What are the names of the different artists that have produced a song in English but have never receieved a rating higher than 8?
Which physicians have never taken any appointment? Find their names.
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments' names.
What are the name and primarily affiliated department name of each physician?
How many patients' prescriptions are made by physician John Dorian?
Find the number of patients' prescriptions physician John Dorian made.
List the names of all the physicians who prescribe Thesisin as medication.
Find the names of all patients who have an undergoing treatment and are staying in room 111.
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose. What is his or her name?
Find the physicians who are trained in a procedure that costs more than 5000.
Which physicians are trained in procedures that are more expensive than 5000?
What is the average cost of procedures that physician John Wen was trained in?
Compute the mean price of procedures physician John Wen was trained in.
Find the names of procedures which physician John Wen was trained in.
What are the names of procedures physician John Wen was trained in?
Find all procedures which cost more than 1000 or which physician John Wen was trained in.
What are the procedures that cost more than 1000 or are specialized in by physician John Wen?
Find the names of all procedures which cost more than 1000 but which physician John Wen was not trained in?
Find the names of all procedures such that the cost is less than 5000 and physician John Wen was trained in.
What procedures cost less than 5000 and have John Wen as a trained physician?
What are the names of patients who are not taking the medication of Procrastin-X.
Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
Show names of companies and that of employees in descending order of number of years working for that employee.
Show the names of employees that work for companies with sales bigger than 200.
Show the names of companies and the number of employees they have
Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Find the last names of the members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
Who are the members of the club named "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me their last names.
Who are the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the last name.
Return the last name for the members of the club named "Hopkins Student Enterprises".
How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
Count the members of the club "Tennis Club".
Find all the female members of club "Bootup Baltimore". Show the first name and last name.
Give me the first name and last name for all the female members of the club "Bootup Baltimore".
What are the first and last name of the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"?
Who is the president of the club "Bootup Baltimore"? Give me the first and last name.
Who is the "CTO" of club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"? Show the first name and last name.
Find the first name and last name for the "CTO" of the club "Hopkins Student Enterprises"?
Count the number of members in club "Bootup Baltimore" whose age is above 18.
Count the number of members in club "Bootup Baltimore" whose age is below 18.
How many clubs does the student named "Eric Tai" belong to?
Count the number of clubs for which the student named "Eric Tai" is a member.
Which clubs have one or more members whose advisor is "1121"?
Retrieve the average age of members of the club "Tennis Club".
Compute the average age of the members in the club "Tennis Club".
What is the total grant amount of the organisations described as research?
What is the total amount of grant money for research?
List the project details of the projects which did not hire any staff for a researcher role.
What are the details for all projects that did not hire any staff in a research role?
How many staff does each project has? List the project id and the number in an ascending order.
For each project id, how many staff does it have? List them in increasing order.
How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
What are all the details of the organisations described as 'Sponsor'? Sort the result in an ascending order.
What are the details of all organizations that are described as Sponsors and sort the results in ascending order?
What are the result description of the project whose detail is 'sint'?
What is the description for the results whose project detail is 'sint'?
List the project details of the projects launched by the organisation
What are the details for the projects which were launched by the organization with the most projects?
Find the number of people whose age is greater than all engineers.
How many people are older than every engineer?
Find the name and age of the person who is a friend of Dan or Alice.
What are the different names and ages of every friend of either Dan or alice?
Find the name of the person who has no student friends.
What are the names of the people who have no friends who are students?
Find the name of the department that has no students minored in?
What is the name of the department htat has no students minoring in it?
Find the rank of the faculty that the fewest faculties belong to.
Find the last names of faculties who are members of computer science department.
What are the last names of faculty who are part of the computer science department?
Find the average grade point of student whose last name is Smith.
What is the average gradepoint for students with the last name Smith?
What is the maximum and minimum grade point of students who live in NYC?
Give the maximum and minimum gradepoints for students living in NYC?
Find the names of courses that have either 3 credits or 1 credit but 4 hours.
What are the names of courses that give either 3 credits, or 1 credit and 4 hours?
Find the names of departments that are either in division AS or in division EN and in Building NEB.
What are the names of departments either in division AS, or in division EN and in building NEB?
Please show the names and descriptions of aircrafts associated with airports that have a total number of passengers bigger than 10000000.
What is the average total number of passengers of airports that are associated with aircraft "Robinson R-22"?
What are the names of all aicrafts that have never won any match?
Find the state of the college which player Charles is attending.
In which state is the college that Charles attends?
What is the maximum training hours for the students whose training hours is greater than 1000 in different positions?
For each position, what is the maximum number of  hours for students who spent more than 1000 hours training?
Which colleges do the tryout players whose name starts with letter D go to?
Which colleges does each player with a name that starts with the letter D  who tried out go to?
Find the names of schools that have some students playing in goalie and mid positions.
What are the names of all schools that have students trying out for the position of goal and 'mid'-field.
Find the names of schools that have some players in the mid position but not in the goalie position.
What are the names of the schools with some players in the mid position but no goalies?
What are the states with colleges that have enrollments less than the some other college?
What are the names of the colleges that are larger than at least one college in Florida?
What are the names of all colleges with a larger enrollment than the largest college in Florida?
Show the locations shared by shops with open year later than 2012 and shops with open year before 2008.
Which locations contains both shops that opened after the year 2012 and shops that opened before 2008?
How many branches where have more than average number of memberships are there?
What is the number of branches that have more than the average number of memberships?
Show all branch names with the number of members in each branch registered after 2015.
For each branch id, what are the names of the branches that were registered after 2015?
Find the average age of students living in each dorm and the name of dorm.
What is the average age for each dorm and what are the names of each dorm?
Find the number of amenities for each of the dorms that can accommodate more than 100 students.
For each dorm, how many amenities does it have?
Find the first name of students who are living in the Smith Hall.
What are the first names of all students in Smith Hall?
Find the total number of students living in the male dorm (with gender M).
What are the total number of students who are living in a male dorm?
Find the number of female students (with F sex) living in Smith Hall
How many female students live in Smith Hall?
Find the name of amenities Smith Hall dorm have.
What are the names of the amenities that Smith Hall has?
What are the names of the dorm that does not have a TV Lounge?
Which state has the most customers?
Give the state that has the most customers.
What is the type with the fewest games?
What are the ids of all students who don't play sports?
Show student ids who are on scholarship and have major 600.
What are the student ids for those on scholarship in major number 600?
Show student ids who are female and play football.
What are the ids of all female students who play football?
Show all male student ids who don't play football.
What are the ids of all male students who do not play football?
Show total hours per week and number of games played for student David Shieber.
What is the total number of hours per work and number of games played by David Shieber?
Show ids of students who play video game and play sports.
What are the ids of all students who played video games and sports?
Find the last and first name of students who are playing Football or Lacrosse.
What is the first and last name of all students who play Football or Lacrosse?
Find name of the services that has never been used.
What are the names of the services that have never been used?
Find the name of all the cities and states.
What are the names of all cities and states?
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
What are the ids of documents with the type code CV that do not have expenses.
What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
Give the ids of documents that have expenses and contain the letter s in their names.
What are the account details with the largest value or with value having char '5' in it?
Return the account details with the greatest value, as well as those that include the character 5.
List lesson id of all lessons taught by staff with first name as Janessa, last name as Sawayn and nickname containing letter 's'.
What are the the lesson ids of all staff taught by Janessa Sawayn whose nickname has the letter s?
How many lessons taught by staff whose first name has letter 'a' in it?
How many lessons were taught by a staff member whose first name has the letter 'a' in it?
What are the last names that are used by customers and staff?
What is the first name of the staff who did not give any lesson?
What is the first name of all employees who do not give any lessons?
How many airports are there per city in the United States? Order the cities by decreasing number of airports.
How many airports are there per city in the US ordered from most to least?
Find the number of routes and airport name for each source airport, order the results by decreasing number of routes.
For each  airport name, how many routes start at that airport, ordered from most to least?
Return the number of routes with destination airport in Italy operated by the airline with name 'American Airlines'.
What is the number of routes operated by the airline American Airlines whose destinations are in Italy?
Find the id of the order which is shipped most recently.
Show countries where a singer above age 40 and a singer below 30 are from.
List all singer names in concerts in year 2014.
Find the number of concerts happened in the stadium with the highest capacity .
What are the number of concerts that occurred in the stadium with the largest capacity ?
Which model of the car has the minimum horsepower?
What is the model of the car with the smallest amount of horsepower?
Which distinct car models are the produced after 1980?
What are the different models for the cards produced after 1980?
How many car makers are there in each continents? List the continent name and the count.
What is the name of each continent and how many car makers are there in each one?
How many car models are produced in the usa?
What is the count of the car models produced in the United States?
Which model saves the most gasoline? That is to say, have the maximum miles per gallon.
What is the car model with the highest mpg ?
What model has the most different versions?
How many cars have a larger accelerate than the car with the largest horsepower?
What is the number of cars with a greater accelerate than the one with the most horsepower?
What are the name of the countries where there is not a single car maker?
What are the names of the countries with no car makers?
Find the name of the employee who got the highest one time bonus.
What are the countries that are not playing cartoons written by Todd Casey?
What are the ids of the TV channels that do not have any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
find the package option of the tv channel that do not have any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
What are the package options of all tv channels that are not playing any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
